share/fonts/nerd-fonts/3270/Medium/complete/3270-Medium Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/3270/Medium/complete/3270-Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/3270/Medium/complete/3270-Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/3270/Medium/complete/3270-Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/3270/Narrow/complete/3270 Narrow Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/3270/Narrow/complete/3270 Narrow Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/3270/Narrow/complete/3270 Narrow Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/3270/Narrow/complete/3270 Narrow Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/3270/Semi-Narrow/complete/3270 Semi-Narrow Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/3270/Semi-Narrow/complete/3270 Semi-Narrow Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/3270/Semi-Narrow/complete/3270 Semi-Narrow Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/3270/Semi-Narrow/complete/3270 Semi-Narrow Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Agave/complete/agave regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Agave/complete/agave regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/AnonymousPro/complete/Anonymice Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/AnonymousPro/complete/Anonymice Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Arimo/Bold-Italic/complete/Arimo Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Arimo/Bold-Italic/complete/Arimo Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Arimo/Bold/complete/Arimo Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Arimo/Bold/complete/Arimo Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Arimo/Italic/complete/Arimo Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Arimo/Italic/complete/Arimo Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Arimo/Regular/complete/Arimo Regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Arimo/Regular/complete/Arimo Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/AurulentSansMono/complete/AurulentSansMono-Regular Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/AurulentSansMono/complete/AurulentSansMono-Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/BigBlueTerminal/complete/BigBlue TerminalPlus Nerd Font Complete.TTF
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/BigBlueTerminal/complete/BigBlue TerminalPlus Nerd Font Complete Mono.TTF
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/BigBlueTerminal/complete/BigBlue Terminal 437TT Nerd Font Complete.TTF
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/BigBlueTerminal/complete/BigBlue Terminal 437TT Nerd Font Complete Mono.TTF
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/BitstreamVeraSansMono/Bold-Italic/complete/Bitstream Vera Sans Mono Bold Oblique Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/BitstreamVeraSansMono/Bold-Italic/complete/Bitstream Vera Sans Mono Bold Oblique Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/BitstreamVeraSansMono/Bold/complete/Bitstream Vera Sans Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/BitstreamVeraSansMono/Bold/complete/Bitstream Vera Sans Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/BitstreamVeraSansMono/Italic/complete/Bitstream Vera Sans Mono Oblique Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/BitstreamVeraSansMono/Italic/complete/Bitstream Vera Sans Mono Oblique Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/BitstreamVeraSansMono/Regular/complete/Bitstream Vera Sans Mono Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/BitstreamVeraSansMono/Regular/complete/Bitstream Vera Sans Mono Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/CascadiaCode/complete/Caskaydia Cove Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/CascadiaCode/complete/Caskaydia Cove Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/CodeNewRoman/Bold/complete/Code New Roman Bold Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/CodeNewRoman/Bold/complete/Code New Roman Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/CodeNewRoman/Italic/complete/Code New Roman Italic Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/CodeNewRoman/Italic/complete/Code New Roman Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/CodeNewRoman/Regular/complete/Code New Roman Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/CodeNewRoman/Regular/complete/Code New Roman Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Cousine/BoldItalic/complete/Cousine Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Cousine/BoldItalic/complete/Cousine Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Cousine/Bold/complete/Cousine Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Cousine/Bold/complete/Cousine Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Cousine/Italic/complete/Cousine Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Cousine/Italic/complete/Cousine Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Cousine/Regular/complete/Cousine Regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Cousine/Regular/complete/Cousine Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/DaddyTimeMono/complete/DaddyTimeMono Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/DaddyTimeMono/complete/DaddyTimeMono Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/DejaVuSansMono/Bold-Italic/complete/DejaVu Sans Mono Bold Oblique Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/DejaVuSansMono/Bold-Italic/complete/DejaVu Sans Mono Bold Oblique Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/DejaVuSansMono/Bold/complete/DejaVu Sans Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/DejaVuSansMono/Bold/complete/DejaVu Sans Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/DejaVuSansMono/Italic/complete/DejaVu Sans Mono Oblique Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/DejaVuSansMono/Italic/complete/DejaVu Sans Mono Oblique Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/DejaVuSansMono/Regular/complete/DejaVu Sans Mono Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/DejaVuSansMono/Regular/complete/DejaVu Sans Mono Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/DroidSansMono/complete/Droid Sans Mono Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/DroidSansMono/complete/Droid Sans Mono Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FantasqueSansMono/Bold-Italic/complete/Fantasque Sans Mono Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FantasqueSansMono/Bold-Italic/complete/Fantasque Sans Mono Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FantasqueSansMono/Bold/complete/Fantasque Sans Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FantasqueSansMono/Bold/complete/Fantasque Sans Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FantasqueSansMono/Italic/complete/Fantasque Sans Mono Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FantasqueSansMono/Italic/complete/Fantasque Sans Mono Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FantasqueSansMono/Regular/complete/Fantasque Sans Mono Regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FantasqueSansMono/Regular/complete/Fantasque Sans Mono Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Bold/complete/Fira Code Bold Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Bold/complete/Fira Code Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Bold/complete/Fira Code Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Bold/complete/Fira Code Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Bold/complete/Fura Code Bold Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Bold/complete/Fura Code Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Bold/complete/Fura Code Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Bold/complete/Fura Code Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Bold/fira_code_patreon.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Bold/showcases/Fira Code Showcases.sketch
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Bold/showcases/all_ligatures.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Bold/showcases/clojure.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Bold/showcases/elixir.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Bold/showcases/erlang.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Bold/showcases/feature_calt_centering.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Bold/showcases/fira code logo.sketch
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Bold/showcases/fira_code_logo.svg
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Bold/showcases/go.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Bold/showcases/javascript.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Bold/showcases/livescript.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Bold/showcases/php.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Bold/showcases/ruby.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Bold/showcases/showcases.txt
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Bold/showcases/stylistic_sets.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Bold/showcases/swift.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Light/complete/Fira Code Light Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Light/complete/Fira Code Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Light/complete/Fira Code Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Light/complete/Fira Code Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Light/complete/Fura Code Light Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Light/complete/Fura Code Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Light/complete/Fura Code Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Light/complete/Fura Code Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Light/fira_code_patreon.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Light/showcases/Fira Code Showcases.sketch
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Light/showcases/all_ligatures.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Light/showcases/clojure.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Light/showcases/elixir.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Light/showcases/erlang.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Light/showcases/feature_calt_centering.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Light/showcases/fira code logo.sketch
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Light/showcases/fira_code_logo.svg
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Light/showcases/go.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Light/showcases/javascript.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Light/showcases/livescript.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Light/showcases/php.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Light/showcases/ruby.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Light/showcases/showcases.txt
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Light/showcases/stylistic_sets.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Light/showcases/swift.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Medium/complete/Fira Code Medium Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Medium/complete/Fira Code Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Medium/complete/Fira Code Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Medium/complete/Fira Code Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Medium/complete/Fura Code Medium Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Medium/complete/Fura Code Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Medium/complete/Fura Code Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Medium/complete/Fura Code Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Medium/fira_code_patreon.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Medium/showcases/Fira Code Showcases.sketch
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Medium/showcases/all_ligatures.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Medium/showcases/clojure.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Medium/showcases/elixir.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Medium/showcases/erlang.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Medium/showcases/feature_calt_centering.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Medium/showcases/fira code logo.sketch
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Medium/showcases/fira_code_logo.svg
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Medium/showcases/go.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Medium/showcases/javascript.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Medium/showcases/livescript.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Medium/showcases/php.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Medium/showcases/ruby.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Medium/showcases/showcases.txt
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Medium/showcases/stylistic_sets.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Medium/showcases/swift.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Regular/complete/Fira Code Regular Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Regular/complete/Fira Code Regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Regular/complete/Fira Code Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Regular/complete/Fira Code Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Regular/complete/Fura Code Regular Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Regular/complete/Fura Code Regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Regular/complete/Fura Code Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Regular/complete/Fura Code Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Regular/fira_code_patreon.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Regular/showcases/Fira Code Showcases.sketch
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Regular/showcases/all_ligatures.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Regular/showcases/clojure.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Regular/showcases/elixir.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Regular/showcases/erlang.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Regular/showcases/feature_calt_centering.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Regular/showcases/fira code logo.sketch
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Regular/showcases/fira_code_logo.svg
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Regular/showcases/go.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Regular/showcases/javascript.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Regular/showcases/livescript.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Regular/showcases/php.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Regular/showcases/ruby.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Regular/showcases/showcases.txt
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Regular/showcases/stylistic_sets.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Regular/showcases/swift.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Retina/complete/Fira Code Retina Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Retina/complete/Fira Code Retina Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Retina/complete/Fira Code Retina Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Retina/complete/Fira Code Retina Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Retina/complete/Fura Code Retina Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Retina/complete/Fura Code Retina Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Retina/complete/Fura Code Retina Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Retina/complete/Fura Code Retina Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Retina/fira_code_patreon.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Retina/showcases/Fira Code Showcases.sketch
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Retina/showcases/all_ligatures.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Retina/showcases/clojure.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Retina/showcases/elixir.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Retina/showcases/erlang.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Retina/showcases/feature_calt_centering.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Retina/showcases/fira code logo.sketch
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Retina/showcases/fira_code_logo.svg
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Retina/showcases/go.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Retina/showcases/javascript.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Retina/showcases/livescript.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Retina/showcases/php.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Retina/showcases/ruby.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Retina/showcases/showcases.txt
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Retina/showcases/stylistic_sets.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/Retina/showcases/swift.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/fira_code_patreon.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/showcases/Fira Code Showcases.sketch
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/showcases/all_ligatures.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/showcases/clojure.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/showcases/elixir.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/showcases/erlang.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/showcases/feature_calt_centering.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/showcases/fira code logo.sketch
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/showcases/fira_code_logo.svg
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/showcases/go.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/showcases/javascript.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/showcases/livescript.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/showcases/php.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/showcases/ruby.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/showcases/showcases.txt
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/showcases/stylistic_sets.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraCode/showcases/swift.png
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraMono/Bold/complete/Fira Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraMono/Bold/complete/Fira Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraMono/Bold/complete/Fura Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraMono/Bold/complete/Fura Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraMono/Medium/complete/Fira Mono Medium Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraMono/Medium/complete/Fira Mono Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraMono/Medium/complete/Fura Mono Medium Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraMono/Medium/complete/Fura Mono Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraMono/Regular/complete/Fira Mono Regular Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraMono/Regular/complete/Fira Mono Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraMono/Regular/complete/Fura Mono Regular Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/FiraMono/Regular/complete/Fura Mono Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Gohu/11/complete/GohuFont Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Gohu/11/complete/GohuFont Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Gohu/14/complete/GohuFont Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Gohu/14/complete/GohuFont Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Gohu/uni-11/complete/GohuFont Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Gohu/uni-11/complete/GohuFont Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Gohu/uni-14/complete/GohuFont Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Gohu/uni-14/complete/GohuFont Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Go-Mono/Bold-Italic/complete/Go Mono Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Go-Mono/Bold-Italic/complete/Go Mono Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Go-Mono/Bold/complete/Go Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Go-Mono/Bold/complete/Go Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Go-Mono/Italic/complete/Go Mono Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Go-Mono/Italic/complete/Go Mono Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Go-Mono/Regular/complete/Go Mono Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Go-Mono/Regular/complete/Go Mono Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hack/BoldItalic/complete/Hack Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hack/BoldItalic/complete/Hack Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hack/Bold/complete/Hack Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hack/Bold/complete/Hack Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hack/Italic/complete/Hack Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hack/Italic/complete/Hack Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hack/Regular/complete/Hack Regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hack/Regular/complete/Hack Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hasklig/Black-Italic/complete/Hasklug Black Italic Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hasklig/Black-Italic/complete/Hasklug Black Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hasklig/Black/complete/Hasklug Black Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hasklig/Black/complete/Hasklug Black Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hasklig/Bold-Italic/complete/Hasklug Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hasklig/Bold-Italic/complete/Hasklug Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hasklig/Bold/complete/Hasklug Bold Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hasklig/Bold/complete/Hasklug Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hasklig/Extra-Light-Italic/complete/Hasklug ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hasklig/Extra-Light-Italic/complete/Hasklug ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hasklig/Extra-Light/complete/Hasklug ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hasklig/Extra-Light/complete/Hasklug ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hasklig/Italic/complete/Hasklug Italic Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hasklig/Italic/complete/Hasklug Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hasklig/Light-Italic/complete/Hasklug Light Italic Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hasklig/Light-Italic/complete/Hasklug Light Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hasklig/Light/complete/Hasklug Light Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hasklig/Light/complete/Hasklug Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hasklig/Medium-Italic/complete/Hasklug Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hasklig/Medium-Italic/complete/Hasklug Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hasklig/Medium/complete/Hasklug Medium Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hasklig/Medium/complete/Hasklug Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hasklig/Regular/complete/Hasklug Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hasklig/Regular/complete/Hasklug Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hasklig/Semibold-Italic/complete/Hasklug Semibold Italic Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hasklig/Semibold-Italic/complete/Hasklug Semibold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hasklig/Semibold/complete/Hasklug Semibold Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hasklig/Semibold/complete/Hasklug Semibold Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/HeavyData/complete/Heavy Data Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/HeavyData/complete/Heavy Data Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hermit/Bold/complete/Hurmit Bold Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hermit/Bold/complete/Hurmit Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hermit/Light/complete/Hurmit Light Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hermit/Light/complete/Hurmit Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hermit/Medium/complete/Hurmit Medium Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Hermit/Medium/complete/Hurmit Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono Light Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono Light Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono SemiBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono SemiBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono Text Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono Text Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono Text Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono Text Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono Thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/IBMPlexMono/Mono/complete/Blex Mono Thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/InconsolataGo/Bold/complete/InconsolataGo Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/InconsolataGo/Bold/complete/InconsolataGo Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/InconsolataGo/Regular/complete/InconsolataGo Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/InconsolataGo/Regular/complete/InconsolataGo Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/InconsolataLGC/Bold-Italic/complete/Inconsolata LGC Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/InconsolataLGC/Bold-Italic/complete/Inconsolata LGC Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/InconsolataLGC/Bold/complete/Inconsolata LGC Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/InconsolataLGC/Bold/complete/Inconsolata LGC Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/InconsolataLGC/Italic/complete/Inconsolata LGC Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/InconsolataLGC/Italic/complete/Inconsolata LGC Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/InconsolataLGC/Regular/complete/Inconsolata LGC Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/InconsolataLGC/Regular/complete/Inconsolata LGC Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Inconsolata/complete/Inconsolata Bold Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Inconsolata/complete/Inconsolata Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Inconsolata/complete/Inconsolata Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Inconsolata/complete/Inconsolata Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Inconsolata/complete/Inconsolata Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Inconsolata/complete/Inconsolata Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Inconsolata/complete/Inconsolata Regular Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Inconsolata/complete/Inconsolata Regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Inconsolata/complete/Inconsolata Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Inconsolata/complete/Inconsolata Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Bold-Italic/complete/Iosevka Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Bold-Italic/complete/Iosevka Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Bold-Italic/complete/Iosevka Term Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Bold-Italic/complete/Iosevka Term Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Bold-Oblique/complete/Iosevka Bold Oblique Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Bold-Oblique/complete/Iosevka Bold Oblique Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Bold-Oblique/complete/Iosevka Term Bold Oblique Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Bold-Oblique/complete/Iosevka Term Bold Oblique Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Bold/complete/Iosevka Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Bold/complete/Iosevka Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Bold/complete/Iosevka Term Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Bold/complete/Iosevka Term Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Extra-Light-Italic/complete/Iosevka Extralight Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Extra-Light-Italic/complete/Iosevka Extralight Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Extra-Light-Italic/complete/Iosevka Term Extralight Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Extra-Light-Italic/complete/Iosevka Term Extralight Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Extra-Light-Oblique/complete/Iosevka Extralight Oblique Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Extra-Light-Oblique/complete/Iosevka Extralight Oblique Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Extra-Light-Oblique/complete/Iosevka Term Extralight Oblique Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Extra-Light-Oblique/complete/Iosevka Term Extralight Oblique Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Extra-Light/complete/Iosevka Extralight Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Extra-Light/complete/Iosevka Extralight Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Extra-Light/complete/Iosevka Term Extralight Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Extra-Light/complete/Iosevka Term Extralight Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Heavy-Italic/complete/Iosevka Heavy Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Heavy-Italic/complete/Iosevka Heavy Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Heavy-Italic/complete/Iosevka Term Heavy Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Heavy-Italic/complete/Iosevka Term Heavy Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Heavy-Oblique/complete/Iosevka Heavy Oblique Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Heavy-Oblique/complete/Iosevka Heavy Oblique Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Heavy-Oblique/complete/Iosevka Term Heavy Oblique Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Heavy-Oblique/complete/Iosevka Term Heavy Oblique Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Heavy/complete/Iosevka Heavy Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Heavy/complete/Iosevka Heavy Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Heavy/complete/Iosevka Term Heavy Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Heavy/complete/Iosevka Term Heavy Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Italic/complete/Iosevka Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Italic/complete/Iosevka Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Italic/complete/Iosevka Term Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Italic/complete/Iosevka Term Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Light-Italic/complete/Iosevka Light Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Light-Italic/complete/Iosevka Light Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Light-Italic/complete/Iosevka Term Light Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Light-Italic/complete/Iosevka Term Light Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Light-Oblique/complete/Iosevka Light Oblique Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Light-Oblique/complete/Iosevka Light Oblique Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Light-Oblique/complete/Iosevka Term Light Oblique Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Light-Oblique/complete/Iosevka Term Light Oblique Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Light/complete/Iosevka Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Light/complete/Iosevka Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Light/complete/Iosevka Term Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Light/complete/Iosevka Term Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Medium-Italic/complete/Iosevka Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Medium-Italic/complete/Iosevka Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Medium-Italic/complete/Iosevka Term Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Medium-Italic/complete/Iosevka Term Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Medium-Oblique/complete/Iosevka Medium Oblique Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Medium-Oblique/complete/Iosevka Medium Oblique Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Medium-Oblique/complete/Iosevka Term Medium Oblique Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Medium-Oblique/complete/Iosevka Term Medium Oblique Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Medium/complete/Iosevka Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Medium/complete/Iosevka Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Medium/complete/Iosevka Term Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Medium/complete/Iosevka Term Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Oblique/complete/Iosevka Oblique Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Oblique/complete/Iosevka Oblique Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Oblique/complete/Iosevka Term Oblique Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Oblique/complete/Iosevka Term Oblique Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Regular/complete/Iosevka Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Regular/complete/Iosevka Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Regular/complete/Iosevka Term Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Regular/complete/Iosevka Term Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Thin-Italic/complete/Iosevka Term Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Thin-Italic/complete/Iosevka Term Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Thin-Italic/complete/Iosevka Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Thin-Italic/complete/Iosevka Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Thin-Oblique/complete/Iosevka Term Thin Oblique Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Thin-Oblique/complete/Iosevka Term Thin Oblique Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Thin-Oblique/complete/Iosevka Thin Oblique Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Thin-Oblique/complete/Iosevka Thin Oblique Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Thin/complete/Iosevka Term Thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Thin/complete/Iosevka Term Thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Thin/complete/Iosevka Thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Iosevka/Thin/complete/Iosevka Thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/JetBrainsMono/Bold-Italic/complete/JetBrains Mono Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/JetBrainsMono/Bold-Italic/complete/JetBrains Mono Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/JetBrainsMono/Bold/complete/JetBrains Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/JetBrainsMono/Bold/complete/JetBrains Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/JetBrainsMono/ExtraBold-Italic/complete/JetBrains Mono ExtBd Ita Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/JetBrainsMono/ExtraBold-Italic/complete/JetBrains Mono ExtBd Ita Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/JetBrainsMono/ExtraBold-Italic/complete/JetBrains Mono ExtraBold ExBd I Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/JetBrainsMono/ExtraBold-Italic/complete/JetBrains Mono ExtraBold ExBd I Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/JetBrainsMono/ExtraBold/complete/JetBrains Mono ExtraBold ExtBd Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/JetBrainsMono/ExtraBold/complete/JetBrains Mono ExtraBold ExtBd Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/JetBrainsMono/ExtraBold/complete/JetBrains Mono Extra Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/JetBrainsMono/ExtraBold/complete/JetBrains Mono Extra Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/JetBrainsMono/Italic/complete/JetBrains Mono Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/JetBrainsMono/Italic/complete/JetBrains Mono Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/JetBrainsMono/Medium-Italic/complete/JetBrains Mono Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/JetBrainsMono/Medium-Italic/complete/JetBrains Mono Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/JetBrainsMono/Medium-Italic/complete/JetBrains Mono Medium Med Ita Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/JetBrainsMono/Medium-Italic/complete/JetBrains Mono Medium Med Ita Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/JetBrainsMono/Medium/complete/JetBrains Mono Medium Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/JetBrainsMono/Medium/complete/JetBrains Mono Medium Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/JetBrainsMono/Medium/complete/JetBrains Mono Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/JetBrainsMono/Medium/complete/JetBrains Mono Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/JetBrainsMono/Regular/complete/JetBrains Mono Regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/JetBrainsMono/Regular/complete/JetBrains Mono Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Lekton/Bold/complete/Lekton-Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Lekton/Bold/complete/Lekton-Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Lekton/Italic/complete/Lekton-Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Lekton/Italic/complete/Lekton-Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Lekton/Regular/complete/Lekton Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Lekton/Regular/complete/Lekton Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/LiberationMono/complete/Literation Mono Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/LiberationMono/complete/Literation Mono Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/LiberationMono/complete/Literation Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/LiberationMono/complete/Literation Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/LiberationMono/complete/Literation Mono Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/LiberationMono/complete/Literation Mono Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/LiberationMono/complete/Literation Mono Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/LiberationMono/complete/Literation Mono Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/LiberationMono/complete/Literation Sans Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/LiberationMono/complete/Literation Sans Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/LiberationMono/complete/Literation Sans Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/LiberationMono/complete/Literation Sans Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/LiberationMono/complete/Literation Sans Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/LiberationMono/complete/Literation Sans Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/LiberationMono/complete/Literation Sans Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/LiberationMono/complete/Literation Sans Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/LiberationMono/complete/Literation Serif Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/LiberationMono/complete/Literation Serif Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/LiberationMono/complete/Literation Serif Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/LiberationMono/complete/Literation Serif Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/LiberationMono/complete/Literation Serif Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/LiberationMono/complete/Literation Serif Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/LiberationMono/complete/Literation Serif Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/LiberationMono/complete/Literation Serif Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Black/complete/M+ 1c black Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Black/complete/M+ 1c black Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Black/complete/M+ 1p black Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Black/complete/M+ 1p black Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Black/complete/M+ 2c black Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Black/complete/M+ 2c black Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Black/complete/M+ 2p black Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Black/complete/M+ 2p black Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Bold/complete/M+ 1c bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Bold/complete/M+ 1c bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Bold/complete/M+ 1mn bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Bold/complete/M+ 1mn bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Bold/complete/M+ 1m bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Bold/complete/M+ 1m bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Bold/complete/M+ 1p bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Bold/complete/M+ 1p bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Bold/complete/M+ 2c bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Bold/complete/M+ 2c bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Bold/complete/M+ 2m bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Bold/complete/M+ 2m bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Bold/complete/M+ 2p bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Bold/complete/M+ 2p bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Heavy/complete/M+ 1c heavy Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Heavy/complete/M+ 1c heavy Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Heavy/complete/M+ 1p heavy Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Heavy/complete/M+ 1p heavy Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Heavy/complete/M+ 2c heavy Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Heavy/complete/M+ 2c heavy Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Heavy/complete/M+ 2p heavy Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Heavy/complete/M+ 2p heavy Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Light/complete/M+ 1c light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Light/complete/M+ 1c light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Light/complete/M+ 1mn light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Light/complete/M+ 1mn light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Light/complete/M+ 1m light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Light/complete/M+ 1m light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Light/complete/M+ 1p light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Light/complete/M+ 1p light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Light/complete/M+ 2c light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Light/complete/M+ 2c light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Light/complete/M+ 2m light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Light/complete/M+ 2m light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Light/complete/M+ 2p light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Light/complete/M+ 2p light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Medium/complete/M+ 1c medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Medium/complete/M+ 1c medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Medium/complete/M+ 1mn medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Medium/complete/M+ 1mn medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Medium/complete/M+ 1m medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Medium/complete/M+ 1m medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Medium/complete/M+ 1p medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Medium/complete/M+ 1p medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Medium/complete/M+ 2c medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Medium/complete/M+ 2c medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Medium/complete/M+ 2m medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Medium/complete/M+ 2m medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Medium/complete/M+ 2p medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Medium/complete/M+ 2p medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Regular/complete/M+ 1c Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Regular/complete/M+ 1c Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Regular/complete/M+ 1mn Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Regular/complete/M+ 1mn Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Regular/complete/M+ 1m Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Regular/complete/M+ 1m Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Regular/complete/M+ 1p Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Regular/complete/M+ 1p Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Regular/complete/M+ 2c Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Regular/complete/M+ 2c Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Regular/complete/M+ 2m Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Regular/complete/M+ 2m Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Regular/complete/M+ 2p Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Regular/complete/M+ 2p Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Thin/complete/M+ 1c thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Thin/complete/M+ 1c thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Thin/complete/M+ 1mn thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Thin/complete/M+ 1mn thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Thin/complete/M+ 1m thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Thin/complete/M+ 1m thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Thin/complete/M+ 1p thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Thin/complete/M+ 1p thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Thin/complete/M+ 2c thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Thin/complete/M+ 2c thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Thin/complete/M+ 2m thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Thin/complete/M+ 2m thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Thin/complete/M+ 2p thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/MPlus/Thin/complete/M+ 2p thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/L-DZ/Bold-Italic/complete/Meslo LG L DZ Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/L-DZ/Bold-Italic/complete/Meslo LG L DZ Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/L-DZ/Bold/complete/Meslo LG L DZ Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/L-DZ/Bold/complete/Meslo LG L DZ Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/L-DZ/Italic/complete/Meslo LG L DZ Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/L-DZ/Italic/complete/Meslo LG L DZ Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/L-DZ/Regular/complete/Meslo LG L DZ Regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/L-DZ/Regular/complete/Meslo LG L DZ Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/L/Bold-Italic/complete/Meslo LG L Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/L/Bold-Italic/complete/Meslo LG L Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/L/Bold/complete/Meslo LG L Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/L/Bold/complete/Meslo LG L Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/L/Italic/complete/Meslo LG L Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/L/Italic/complete/Meslo LG L Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/L/Regular/complete/Meslo LG L Regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/L/Regular/complete/Meslo LG L Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/M-DZ/Bold-Italic/complete/Meslo LG M DZ Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/M-DZ/Bold-Italic/complete/Meslo LG M DZ Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/M-DZ/Bold/complete/Meslo LG M DZ Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/M-DZ/Bold/complete/Meslo LG M DZ Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/M-DZ/Italic/complete/Meslo LG M DZ Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/M-DZ/Italic/complete/Meslo LG M DZ Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/M-DZ/Regular/complete/Meslo LG M DZ Regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/M-DZ/Regular/complete/Meslo LG M DZ Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/M/Bold-Italic/complete/Meslo LG M Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/M/Bold-Italic/complete/Meslo LG M Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/M/Bold/complete/Meslo LG M Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/M/Bold/complete/Meslo LG M Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/M/Italic/complete/Meslo LG M Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/M/Italic/complete/Meslo LG M Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/M/Regular/complete/Meslo LG M Regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/M/Regular/complete/Meslo LG M Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/S-DZ/Bold-Italic/complete/Meslo LG S DZ Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/S-DZ/Bold-Italic/complete/Meslo LG S DZ Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/S-DZ/Bold/complete/Meslo LG S DZ Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/S-DZ/Bold/complete/Meslo LG S DZ Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/S-DZ/Italic/complete/Meslo LG S DZ Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/S-DZ/Italic/complete/Meslo LG S DZ Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/S-DZ/Regular/complete/Meslo LG S DZ Regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/S-DZ/Regular/complete/Meslo LG S DZ Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/S/Bold-Italic/complete/Meslo LG S Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/S/Bold-Italic/complete/Meslo LG S Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/S/Bold/complete/Meslo LG S Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/S/Bold/complete/Meslo LG S Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/S/Italic/complete/Meslo LG S Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/S/Italic/complete/Meslo LG S Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/S/Regular/complete/Meslo LG S Regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Meslo/S/Regular/complete/Meslo LG S Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Monofur/Bold/complete/monofur bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Monofur/Bold/complete/monofur bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Monofur/Italic/complete/monofur italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Monofur/Italic/complete/monofur italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Monofur/Regular/complete/monofur Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Monofur/Regular/complete/monofur Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Monoid/Bold/complete/Monoid Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Monoid/Bold/complete/Monoid Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Monoid/Italic/complete/Monoid Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Monoid/Italic/complete/Monoid Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Monoid/Regular/complete/Monoid Regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Monoid/Regular/complete/Monoid Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Monoid/Retina/complete/Monoid Retina Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Monoid/Retina/complete/Monoid Retina Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Mononoki/Bold-Italic/complete/mononoki Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Mononoki/Bold-Italic/complete/mononoki Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Mononoki/Bold/complete/mononoki Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Mononoki/Bold/complete/mononoki Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Mononoki/Italic/complete/mononoki Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Mononoki/Italic/complete/mononoki Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Mononoki/Regular/complete/mononoki-Regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Mononoki/Regular/complete/mononoki-Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Emoji/complete/Noto Emoji Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Emoji/complete/Noto Emoji Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Mono/complete/Noto Mono Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Mono/complete/Noto Mono Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Black Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Black Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Black Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Black Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed Black Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed Black Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed Black Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed Black Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed Light Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed Light Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed SemiBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed SemiBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed Thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Condensed Thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed Black Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed Black Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed Black Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed Black Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed Light Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed Light Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed SemiBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed SemiBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed Thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraCondensed Thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Light Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Light Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed Black Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed Black Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed Black Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed Black Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed Light Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed Light Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed SemiBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed SemiBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed Thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display SemiCondensed Thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Display/complete/Noto Sans Display Thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono Black Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono Black Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono Condensed Black Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono Condensed Black Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono Condensed Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono Condensed Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono Condensed ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono Condensed ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono Condensed ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono Condensed ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono Condensed Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono Condensed Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono Condensed Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono Condensed Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono Condensed Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono Condensed Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono Condensed SemiBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono Condensed SemiBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono Condensed Thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono Condensed Thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono ExtraCondensed Black Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono ExtraCondensed Black Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono ExtraCondensed Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono ExtraCondensed Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono ExtraCondensed ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono ExtraCondensed ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono ExtraCondensed ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono ExtraCondensed ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono ExtraCondensed Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono ExtraCondensed Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono ExtraCondensed Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono ExtraCondensed Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono ExtraCondensed Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono ExtraCondensed Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono ExtraCondensed SemiBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono ExtraCondensed SemiBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono ExtraCondensed Thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono ExtraCondensed Thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono Regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono SemiBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono SemiBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono SemiCondensed Black Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono SemiCondensed Black Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono SemiCondensed Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono SemiCondensed Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono SemiCondensed ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono SemiCondensed ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono SemiCondensed ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono SemiCondensed ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono SemiCondensed Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono SemiCondensed Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono SemiCondensed Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono SemiCondensed Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono SemiCondensed Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono SemiCondensed Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono SemiCondensed SemiBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono SemiCondensed SemiBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono SemiCondensed Thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono SemiCondensed Thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono Thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans-Mono/complete/Noto Sans Mono Thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed Black Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed Black Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed Black Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed Black Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed Light Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed Light Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed SemiBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed SemiBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed Thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Condensed Thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed Black Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed Black Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed Black Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed Black Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed Light Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed Light Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed SemiBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed SemiBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed Thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraCondensed Thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Light Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Light Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed Black Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed Black Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed Black Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed Black Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed Light Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed Light Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed SemiBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed SemiBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed Thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans SemiCondensed Thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Sans/complete/Noto Sans Thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Black Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Black Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Black Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Black Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed Black Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed Black Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed Black Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed Black Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed Light Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed Light Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed SemiBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed SemiBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed Thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Condensed Thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed Black Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed Black Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed Black Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed Black Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed Light Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed Light Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed SemiBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed SemiBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed Thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraCondensed Thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Light Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Light Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed Black Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed Black Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed Black Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed Black Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed Light Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed Light Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed SemiBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed SemiBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed Thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display SemiCondensed Thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif-Display/complete/Noto Serif Display Thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Black Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Black Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Black Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Black Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed Black Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed Black Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed Black Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed Black Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed Light Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed Light Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed SemiBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed SemiBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed Thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Condensed Thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed Black Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed Black Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed Black Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed Black Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed Light Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed Light Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed SemiBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed SemiBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed Thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraCondensed Thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Light Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Light Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed Black Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed Black Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed Black Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed Black Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed Light Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed Light Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed SemiBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed SemiBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed Thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif SemiCondensed Thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Noto/Serif/complete/Noto Serif Thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/OpenDyslexic/Alta-Bold-Italic/complete/OpenDyslexicAlta Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/OpenDyslexic/Alta-Bold-Italic/complete/OpenDyslexicAlta Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/OpenDyslexic/Alta-Bold/complete/OpenDyslexicAlta Bold Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/OpenDyslexic/Alta-Bold/complete/OpenDyslexicAlta Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/OpenDyslexic/Alta-Italic/complete/OpenDyslexicAlta Italic Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/OpenDyslexic/Alta-Italic/complete/OpenDyslexicAlta Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/OpenDyslexic/Alta-Regular/complete/OpenDyslexicAlta Regular Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/OpenDyslexic/Alta-Regular/complete/OpenDyslexicAlta Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/OpenDyslexic/Bold-Italic/complete/OpenDyslexic Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/OpenDyslexic/Bold-Italic/complete/OpenDyslexic Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/OpenDyslexic/Bold/complete/OpenDyslexic Bold Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/OpenDyslexic/Bold/complete/OpenDyslexic Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/OpenDyslexic/Italic/complete/OpenDyslexic Italic Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/OpenDyslexic/Italic/complete/OpenDyslexic Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/OpenDyslexic/Mono-Regular/complete/OpenDyslexicMono Regular Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/OpenDyslexic/Mono-Regular/complete/OpenDyslexicMono Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/OpenDyslexic/Regular/complete/OpenDyslexic Regular Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/OpenDyslexic/Regular/complete/OpenDyslexic Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Mono/Bold/complete/Overpass Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Mono/Bold/complete/Overpass Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Mono/Light/complete/Overpass Mono Light Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Mono/Light/complete/Overpass Mono Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Mono/Regular/complete/Overpass Mono Regular Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Mono/Regular/complete/Overpass Mono Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Mono/Semi-Bold/complete/Overpass Mono SemiBold Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Mono/Semi-Bold/complete/Overpass Mono SemiBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Bold-Italic/complete/Overpass Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Bold-Italic/complete/Overpass Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Bold/complete/Overpass Bold Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Bold/complete/Overpass Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Extra-Bold-Italic/complete/Overpass ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Extra-Bold-Italic/complete/Overpass ExtraBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Extra-Bold/complete/Overpass ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Extra-Bold/complete/Overpass ExtraBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Extra-Light-Italic/complete/Overpass ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Extra-Light-Italic/complete/Overpass ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Extra-Light/complete/Overpass ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Extra-Light/complete/Overpass ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Heavy-Italic/complete/Overpass Heavy Italic Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Heavy-Italic/complete/Overpass Heavy Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Heavy/complete/Overpass Heavy Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Heavy/complete/Overpass Heavy Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Italic/complete/Overpass Italic Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Italic/complete/Overpass Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Light-Italic/complete/Overpass Light Italic Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Light-Italic/complete/Overpass Light Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Light/complete/Overpass Light Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Light/complete/Overpass Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Regular/complete/Overpass Regular Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Regular/complete/Overpass Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Semi-Bold-Italic/complete/Overpass SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Semi-Bold-Italic/complete/Overpass SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Semi-Bold/complete/Overpass SemiBold Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Semi-Bold/complete/Overpass SemiBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Thin-Italic/complete/Overpass Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Thin-Italic/complete/Overpass Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Thin/complete/Overpass Thin Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Overpass/Non-Mono/Thin/complete/Overpass Thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ProFont/profontiix/complete/ProFont IIx Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ProFont/profontiix/complete/ProFont IIx Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ProggyClean/Latin2/complete/ProggyCleanTT CE Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ProggyClean/Latin2/complete/ProggyCleanTT CE Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ProggyClean/Regular/complete/ProggyCleanTT Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ProggyClean/Regular/complete/ProggyCleanTT Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ProggyClean/SlashedZero/complete/ProggyCleanTTSZ Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ProggyClean/SlashedZero/complete/ProggyCleanTTSZ Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/RobotoMono/Bold-Italic/complete/Roboto Mono Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/RobotoMono/Bold-Italic/complete/Roboto Mono Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/RobotoMono/Bold/complete/Roboto Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/RobotoMono/Bold/complete/Roboto Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/RobotoMono/Italic/complete/Roboto Mono Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/RobotoMono/Italic/complete/Roboto Mono Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/RobotoMono/Light-Italic/complete/Roboto Mono Light Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/RobotoMono/Light-Italic/complete/Roboto Mono Light Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/RobotoMono/Light/complete/Roboto Mono Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/RobotoMono/Light/complete/Roboto Mono Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/RobotoMono/Medium-Italic/complete/Roboto Mono Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/RobotoMono/Medium-Italic/complete/Roboto Mono Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/RobotoMono/Medium/complete/Roboto Mono Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/RobotoMono/Medium/complete/Roboto Mono Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/RobotoMono/Regular/complete/Roboto Mono Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/RobotoMono/Regular/complete/Roboto Mono Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/RobotoMono/Thin-Italic/complete/Roboto Mono Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/RobotoMono/Thin-Italic/complete/Roboto Mono Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/RobotoMono/Thin/complete/Roboto Mono Thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/RobotoMono/Thin/complete/Roboto Mono Thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ShareTechMono/complete/Shure Tech Mono Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/ShareTechMono/complete/Shure Tech Mono Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SourceCodePro/Black-Italic/complete/Sauce Code Pro Black Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SourceCodePro/Black-Italic/complete/Sauce Code Pro Black Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SourceCodePro/Black/complete/Sauce Code Pro Black Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SourceCodePro/Black/complete/Sauce Code Pro Black Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SourceCodePro/Bold-Italic/complete/Sauce Code Pro Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SourceCodePro/Bold-Italic/complete/Sauce Code Pro Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SourceCodePro/Bold/complete/Sauce Code Pro Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SourceCodePro/Bold/complete/Sauce Code Pro Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SourceCodePro/ExtraLight-Italic/complete/Sauce Code Pro ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SourceCodePro/ExtraLight-Italic/complete/Sauce Code Pro ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SourceCodePro/Extra-Light/complete/Sauce Code Pro ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SourceCodePro/Extra-Light/complete/Sauce Code Pro ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SourceCodePro/Italic/complete/Sauce Code Pro Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SourceCodePro/Italic/complete/Sauce Code Pro Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SourceCodePro/Light-Italic/complete/Sauce Code Pro Light Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SourceCodePro/Light-Italic/complete/Sauce Code Pro Light Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SourceCodePro/Light/complete/Sauce Code Pro Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SourceCodePro/Light/complete/Sauce Code Pro Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SourceCodePro/Medium-Italic/complete/Sauce Code Pro Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SourceCodePro/Medium-Italic/complete/Sauce Code Pro Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SourceCodePro/Medium/complete/Sauce Code Pro Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SourceCodePro/Medium/complete/Sauce Code Pro Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SourceCodePro/Regular/complete/Sauce Code Pro Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SourceCodePro/Regular/complete/Sauce Code Pro Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SourceCodePro/Semibold-Italic/complete/Sauce Code Pro Semibold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SourceCodePro/Semibold-Italic/complete/Sauce Code Pro Semibold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SourceCodePro/Semibold/complete/Sauce Code Pro Semibold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SourceCodePro/Semibold/complete/Sauce Code Pro Semibold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SpaceMono/Bold-Italic/complete/Space Mono Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SpaceMono/Bold-Italic/complete/Space Mono Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SpaceMono/Bold/complete/Space Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SpaceMono/Bold/complete/Space Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SpaceMono/Italic/complete/Space Mono Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SpaceMono/Italic/complete/Space Mono Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SpaceMono/Regular/complete/Space Mono Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SpaceMono/Regular/complete/Space Mono Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Terminus/terminus-ttf-4.40.1/BoldItalic/complete/Terminess (TTF) Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Terminus/terminus-ttf-4.40.1/BoldItalic/complete/Terminess (TTF) Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Terminus/terminus-ttf-4.40.1/Bold/complete/Terminess (TTF) Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Terminus/terminus-ttf-4.40.1/Bold/complete/Terminess (TTF) Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Terminus/terminus-ttf-4.40.1/Italic/complete/Terminess (TTF) Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Terminus/terminus-ttf-4.40.1/Italic/complete/Terminess (TTF) Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Terminus/terminus-ttf-4.40.1/Regular/complete/Terminess (TTF) Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Terminus/terminus-ttf-4.40.1/Regular/complete/Terminess (TTF) Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Tinos/Bold-Italic/complete/Tinos Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Tinos/Bold-Italic/complete/Tinos Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Tinos/Bold/complete/Tinos Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Tinos/Bold/complete/Tinos Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Tinos/Italic/complete/Tinos Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Tinos/Italic/complete/Tinos Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Tinos/Regular/complete/Tinos Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Tinos/Regular/complete/Tinos Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/UbuntuMono/Bold-Italic/complete/Ubuntu Mono Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/UbuntuMono/Bold-Italic/complete/Ubuntu Mono Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/UbuntuMono/Bold/complete/Ubuntu Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/UbuntuMono/Bold/complete/Ubuntu Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/UbuntuMono/Regular-Italic/complete/Ubuntu Mono Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/UbuntuMono/Regular-Italic/complete/Ubuntu Mono Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/UbuntuMono/Regular/complete/Ubuntu Mono Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/UbuntuMono/Regular/complete/Ubuntu Mono Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Ubuntu/Bold-Italic/complete/Ubuntu Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Ubuntu/Bold-Italic/complete/Ubuntu Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Ubuntu/Bold/complete/Ubuntu Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Ubuntu/Bold/complete/Ubuntu Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Ubuntu/Condensed/complete/Ubuntu Condensed Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Ubuntu/Condensed/complete/Ubuntu Condensed Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Ubuntu/Light-Italic/complete/Ubuntu Light Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Ubuntu/Light-Italic/complete/Ubuntu Light Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Ubuntu/Light/complete/Ubuntu Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Ubuntu/Light/complete/Ubuntu Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Ubuntu/Medium-Italic/complete/Ubuntu Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Ubuntu/Medium-Italic/complete/Ubuntu Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Ubuntu/Medium/complete/Ubuntu Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Ubuntu/Medium/complete/Ubuntu Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Ubuntu/Regular-Italic/complete/Ubuntu Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Ubuntu/Regular-Italic/complete/Ubuntu Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Ubuntu/Regular/complete/Ubuntu Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Ubuntu/Regular/complete/Ubuntu Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Bold-Italic/complete/Victor Mono Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Bold-Italic/complete/Victor Mono Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Bold-Oblique/complete/Victor Mono Bold Oblique Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Bold-Oblique/complete/Victor Mono Bold Oblique Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Bold/complete/Victor Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Bold/complete/Victor Mono Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Extra-Light-Italic/complete/Victor Mono ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Extra-Light-Italic/complete/Victor Mono ExtraLight Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Extra-Light-Oblique/complete/Victor Mono ExtraLight Oblique Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Extra-Light-Oblique/complete/Victor Mono ExtraLight Oblique Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Extra-Light/complete/Victor Mono ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Extra-Light/complete/Victor Mono ExtraLight Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Italic/complete/Victor Mono Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Italic/complete/Victor Mono Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Light-Italic/complete/Victor Mono Light Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Light-Italic/complete/Victor Mono Light Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Light-Oblique/complete/Victor Mono Light Oblique Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Light-Oblique/complete/Victor Mono Light Oblique Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Light/complete/Victor Mono Light Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Light/complete/Victor Mono Light Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Medium-Italic/complete/Victor Mono Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Medium-Italic/complete/Victor Mono Medium Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Medium-Oblique/complete/Victor Mono Medium Oblique Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Medium-Oblique/complete/Victor Mono Medium Oblique Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Medium/complete/Victor Mono Medium Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Medium/complete/Victor Mono Medium Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Oblique/complete/Victor Mono Oblique Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Oblique/complete/Victor Mono Oblique Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Regular/complete/Victor Mono Regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Regular/complete/Victor Mono Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Semi-Bold-Italic/complete/Victor Mono SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Semi-Bold-Italic/complete/Victor Mono SemiBold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Semi-Bold-Oblique/complete/Victor Mono SemiBold Oblique Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Semi-Bold-Oblique/complete/Victor Mono SemiBold Oblique Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Semi-Bold/complete/Victor Mono SemiBold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Semi-Bold/complete/Victor Mono SemiBold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Thin-Italic/complete/Victor Mono Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Thin-Italic/complete/Victor Mono Thin Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Thin-Oblique/complete/Victor Mono Thin Oblique Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Thin-Oblique/complete/Victor Mono Thin Oblique Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Thin/complete/Victor Mono Thin Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/VictorMono/Thin/complete/Victor Mono Thin Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Duospace/BoldItalic/complete/iM Writing Duospace BoldItalic Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Duospace/BoldItalic/complete/iM Writing Duospace BoldItalic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Duospace/BoldItalic/complete/iM Writing Duospace BoldItalic Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Duospace/BoldItalic/complete/iM Writing Duospace BoldItalic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Duospace/Bold/complete/iM Writing Duospace Bold Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Duospace/Bold/complete/iM Writing Duospace Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Duospace/Bold/complete/iM Writing Duospace Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Duospace/Bold/complete/iM Writing Duospace Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Duospace/Italic/complete/iM Writing Duospace Italic Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Duospace/Italic/complete/iM Writing Duospace Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Duospace/Italic/complete/iM Writing Duospace Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Duospace/Italic/complete/iM Writing Duospace Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Duospace/Regular/complete/iM Writing Duospace Regular Nerd Font Complete.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Duospace/Regular/complete/iM Writing Duospace Regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Duospace/Regular/complete/iM Writing Duospace Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.otf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Duospace/Regular/complete/iM Writing Duospace Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Duo/BoldItalic/complete/iM Writing Duo S Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Duo/BoldItalic/complete/iM Writing Duo S Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Duo/Bold/complete/iM Writing Duo S Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Duo/Bold/complete/iM Writing Duo S Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Duo/Italic/complete/iM Writing Duo S Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Duo/Italic/complete/iM Writing Duo S Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Duo/Regular/complete/iM Writing Duo S Regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Duo/Regular/complete/iM Writing Duo S Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Mono/BoldItalic/complete/iM Writing Mono S Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Mono/BoldItalic/complete/iM Writing Mono S Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Mono/Bold/complete/iM Writing Mono S Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Mono/Bold/complete/iM Writing Mono S Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Mono/Italic/complete/iM Writing Mono S Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Mono/Italic/complete/iM Writing Mono S Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Mono/Regular/complete/iM Writing Mono S Regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Mono/Regular/complete/iM Writing Mono S Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Quattro/BoldItalic/complete/iM Writing Quattro S Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Quattro/BoldItalic/complete/iM Writing Quattro S Bold Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Quattro/Bold/complete/iM Writing Quattro S Bold Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Quattro/Bold/complete/iM Writing Quattro S Bold Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Quattro/Italic/complete/iM Writing Quattro S Italic Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Quattro/Italic/complete/iM Writing Quattro S Italic Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Quattro/Regular/complete/iM Writing Quattro S Regular Nerd Font Complete.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/iA-Writer/iA Writer Quattro/Regular/complete/iM Writing Quattro S Regular Nerd Font Complete Mono.ttf
share/fonts/nerd-fonts/install.ps1
@dir share/fonts/nerd-fonts/Agave/img
@dir share/fonts/nerd-fonts/SourceCodePro/Italic
